in a typical year the world emits
over 51 billion tons of greenhouse gases
and as we keep doing that the
consequences for human life
will be catastrophic
when i first fell in love with computers
as a teenager
they were enormous expensive and only
the government and big companies
could afford them but my friends and i
became obsessed with a wild idea
what could we do if there was a computer
on every desk
and now the wild idea is quite
team billions of people not only have
computers on their desks but even in
their pockets
now the world needs another breakthrough
in fact
it needs many breakthroughs we need to
get
from 51 billion tons to zero
while still meeting the planet's basic
needs
that means we need to transform the way
we do
almost everything our commitment to
developing these innovations will mean
the difference between a future where
everyone
can live a healthy productive life and
one where we're constantly dealing
with the human and financial crises at a
historic scale
entrepreneurs and investors have to
build new businesses
and change existing businesses to get
these solutions deployed
government leaders have to enact new
policies that drive the market for clean
energy
and advocates have to keep their voices
loud to hold
all of us accountable for rapid progress
avoiding
a climate disaster will be one of the
greatest challenges humans have ever
taken off
greater than landing on the moon greater
than eradicating smallpox
even greater than putting a computer on
every desk
my basic optimism about climate change
comes from my belief in innovation it's
our power to invent
that makes me hopeful